# data_analysis_s19
Two projects to help wtih data analysis during summer 2019 internship. Both made relatively quickly and could use some changes to make them more efficient (some marked for edits) but work as intended.

Rebalance project (rebalance.py for main code working with raw data and rebalance.ipynb for analysis and visualization) compares expected returns for various portfolio compositions, based on pre-selected asset classes (US large cap, US small cap, international equity, bonds, and cash represented by the 3-month T bill; allocations can be changed). Returns data pulled from Bloomberg, and uses the most relevant indices with the longest history to allow for as much data as possible. Comparisons are made based on returns after x-year rolling periods (rolling period length can be changed), i.e. if using ten year rolling periods, we'll get return data for each period such as Jan 1 1970 - Dec 31 1970, Jan 2 1970 - Jan 1 1971, etc., but accounting for business days. 

Growth-value factor comparison project (growth_value.py and growth_value_comparison_visualization.ipynb) reuses and improves some of the base code from rebalance.py for interacting and organizing the raw data for use. This project compares historical returns based on rolling periods of varying lengths (5, 10, and 20yr rolling pds) for these asset classes, subdivided into large cap growth, large cap value, mid cap growth, mid cap value, small cap growth, and small cap value. Indices representing each asset class were selected based on their duration. 
